# Contributing to the Project

Thank you for considering contributing to our project! Here's how you can contribute:

## Prerequisites

- Ensure you have Docker installed on your system. You can download it from [Docker's official website](https://www.docker.com/get-started).

## Getting Started

1. **Fork the Repository**
   - Click the 'Fork' button at the top right of the repository page on GitHub. This creates a copy of the repository in your GitHub account.

2. **Clone the Forked Repository**
   - Clone your forked repository to your local machine using the `git clone` command with the URL of your fork.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/UAPMonitor/awesome-ufo-uap.git
    cd repository-name
    ```

3. **Add Resources**
   - Add new resources to the JSON files located in the `data/` directory. Ensure the JSON structure is correctly maintained.

4. **Build the Project**
   - Use Docker to build the project. Run the following command:

    ```bash
    make build
    ```

5. **Generate Necessary Files**
   - After making changes, generate the required files by running:

    ```bash
    make generate
    ```

6. **Commit Your Changes**
   - Commit your changes, including the updated `README.md` which is generated by the `make generate` command.

    ```bash
    git add .
    git commit -m "Add new resources"
    ```

7. **Push to Your Fork**
   - Push the changes to your forked repository.

    ```bash
    git push origin main
    ```

8. **Open a Pull Request (PR)**
   - Go to your fork on GitHub and click on the 'Pull request' button.
   - Fill in the details and submit the PR to the original repository.

## Guidelines

- Ensure your code adheres to the project's coding standards.
- Write clear and descriptive commit messages.
- Make sure your changes do not break any existing functionalities.

We appreciate your contributions and look forward to collaborating with you!

